how do I feel and snow inside a million
reasons that I can't describe me you
know you cut me open wide and God knows
I'm trying to get over you trying to be
done and through trying to get over you
how are you how are you I'm hence from
your visionary calm i'm standing here
with Natasha pieces who will be singing
in the last song of the Deacon play
tonight Natasha can you tell us a little
bit about yourself yeah sure I am from
New York City was born and raised there
I'm half French and have Chilean so I
speak both French and Spanish and I have
a little out of friends in Denmark and a
lot of my Danish friends live in New
York and in Los Angeles so I'm a singer
and I've been doing it for a really long
time I went to music school in New York
and when I had the opportunity to sing
in the Danish Grand Prix I was ecstatic
I was so excited and the writers on the
song are so brilliant that I had no
other choice but to say yes because it's
such a beautiful song how did the chance
pop up for you to be here tonight you
know I've been working with this amazing
production company called DK music and
one of the owners is Lars hell Branson
who's one of the writers of this song
and i had heard want to be loved last
summer when i was in the car we were
driving he's like listen to this song
and I was like oh I love it it's amazing
I can't wait to sing it and we ended up
recording it we recorded half of it I
didn't have time to finish and I was
like okay I'm gonna go back to New York
and you know had some performances to do
so when I came back um I was I was in
New York still and he called me and he
was like guess what want to be loved was
chosen to be in in the Danish Eurovision
and I was like unbelievable he goes do
you want to sing it and immediately I
was like yes and
and here i am and Michael Byrne and I
met when I came here and I we had this
instant connection and it was really a
very exciting and our chemistry is
strong on stage so I'm very very happy
about it it's very clear to see that you
work very well together on the stage
yeah but you're not only a singer you
had a role in the movie six in the city
he says a little bit about that um well
yeah when I was a little bit I was Miss
New York Teen USA in 2005 so from there
I had a lot of different opportunities
that came up so I was able to do some
acting and some modeling and I did a
little bit of everything in New York a
lot of the money that I would make from
that would go into my music so I music
has always been my main focus but yes
the Sex in the City role was fun I got
to be on set with the girls and we shot
in in the middle of Manhattan and it was
just it was tons of fun a lot of work
it's a long day but it's fun New York is
a fun place to be isn't it it is a fun
place to be I like wooden satu though
huh well that's nice to hear you also
had a hit before called heel yeah he'll
was my very first single and I release
it in the in the states and I ended up
doing it in French and in Spanish as
well which I released in europe and
south america um it was a song about
heartbreak and it definitely caused me
to take a lot of that heartbreak and
release it and I like to sing about what
I feel in the moment and I think it's
perfect because now that when singing
want to be loved I'm in a place right
now in my life where I'm so happy and
and so in love with life and in love
with all the people in it that this song
really I believe in it I believe in
every word I sing and I think it's going
to show okay we are recording this in 3d
so for a little bit of commercial for
your visionary com I don't scare you in
3d 3d can be scary but but not with you
and we have a final question yeah what
answer would you have liked me to ask
you and what would the answer
Ben's with that let's see how I would
feel if I if I if I made it to the
finals right if I was being a part of
the Eurovision in Copenhagen and my
answer would have been that I i feel i
am European I feel European Europe is a
part of my life and I feel like this
country is one of the most talented when
it comes to songwriting and music and
being able to represent it in a place
where I feel in at home in Europe would
be an honor and being an American just
is a part of who I am not all of who I
am so I'm very proud to bring all the
aspects of my life into this moment and
showcase denmark in the best way
possible well I'll gonna wish you a very
good luck tonight and hopes to see you
in Copenhagen inmate